Al: Hello, farmers, and welcome to another episode of the harvest season.
Al: My name is Al.
Codey: And my name is Cody.
Al: And we are here today to talk about cottage core games.
Al: Oh, woo.
Codey: Oh, ooh, ooh.
Codey: Ooh.
Al: Ah, we, this episode, we're going to talk about outbound, a game that Cody has been playing.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Shocker.
Al: I have been playing and Cody has on their game draft for the year.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Cody's now up to 2 games with with actual scores.
Codey: Mm-hmm, Mm-hmm.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yep, I'm winning.
Al: So far.
Al: It's not hard to win when you're the only one with games.
Al: That's not true.
Al: I have one as well.
Codey: Well, you guys should have chosen better games or been first.
Al: Yeah, well exactly.
Al: We all wanted book open.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: It's fine.
Al: You're going to look back and regret choosing haunted chocolate here, so it's all good.
Codey: No, I don't think I'll ever regret that.
Al: We are probably, you know, less than a month away from me finding out whether or not there is actually a story of seasons game coming out this year.
Al: Because I think if we've not heard of one by the end of June, I don't think one's coming out this year.
Codey: Mm.
Al: So getting a bit nervous, but we're coming into the time period where it would be announced because it's summer game fest in 2 weeks.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Here's hoping.
Codey: Yep.
Codey: Bingies crossed.
Al: Hoping.
Codey: I do, I do think it would be fun for that to come true for you.
Al: I really hope it would just be it would...
Codey: Because that would be hilarious.
Al: It would be so satisfying.
Codey: To just like throw a dart into the, into the, uh, blankness of the world and have it land.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Well, it's, well, it's, well, it's like you with haunted chocolatier, right?
Al: Like it's not going to happen, but if it does, you'll feel so good about it.
Codey: It'll be really fun.
Al: All right, yeah, we're going to talk about outbound.
Al: We have some news to talk about as well, but 1st of all, Cody, what have you been up to?
Codey: I have been playing outbound for sure.
Codey: Uh, surprise, surprise.
Codey: But I also, um, this week, uh, got librarian tidy up the arcane library, which is a game that's on steam.
Codey: It was only like $6 which is great.
Codey: And basically, it is a game where you are a librarian of a library and a ferry has come in and like thrown all of the books around.
Codey: So there's like 4000 books.
Codey: And they are all over the place.
Codey: So your job is literally to, like, put them back on their shelves in their right, like, sections.
Al: 3000 books.
Codey: Uh, I thought they said 4000 books.
Codey: Is it 3000?
Al: Uh, Steam says 3072.
Codey: Okay, yeah.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: That sounds right.
Al: Oh my word.
Codey: 3072.
Codey: And it ends up being like 400 shelves, I think.
Codey: Um, and so, and then there's all the different, like, topics.
Codey: So one of them is like alchemy, because it's like magic based.
Codey: So it's alchemy and, um, conjuration magic and destruction, magic and holy magic and necromancy and like all that kind of stuff.
Codey: But then there's some really weird ones thrown in, like law.
Codey: Um, which they just call jurisprudence.
Codey: And then there's like a couple of shelves that are, they call them otherworld shelves, but it's clearly like human realm shelves where they talk about like, like some of the titles are something like the awful jobs that exist when you don't have magic or, um, silly things like that, one of them that's in like the language section, I believe, uh, has to do a C plus plus.
Al: Hmm.
Codey: Um, there's some really funny like titles in there for sure.
Codey: And yeah, so you basically, um, when you 1st start the game, you just pick things up and set them, you can pick up 10 books at a time and then you put them on the right shelves, over time you get like skills that allow you to do it faster or like sort or highlight like where the books of that particular like series are in the room for a short period of time.
Codey: So it does go faster as you go.
Codey: But I one shot this game.
Codey: So that is I did not take a break and I played through.
Codey: Uh and it was 8 hours.
Codey: I think I had, I had messaged in our, um, Discord group, like, has anyone played this game? And then I disappeared to the world for 8 hours and then I came back and I was like, and I beat it.
Al: Wow.
Codey: And the funny thing is, I would play it again.
Codey: Um, but it was a lot for sure.
Codey: So, I recommend it if you are the type of person who likes tidying things or, um, just like sorting things into order, but do beware you can get sucked in.
Codey: Um, but,
Al: I can't tell if I would like this game or if it would, or if it is just utterly terrifying to me.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Well, Alex, what if I told you it's $6.
Al: Well, yeah, no, I see that.
Al: I see that.
Codey: Yeah, so you could play and it's steam deck compatible.
Al: Uh.
Codey: So I, uh, gently asked my husband if I could borrow his steamed back.
Codey: And then we were talking about the merits.
Al: Your steam deck, your steam deck.
Codey: We were talking.
Al: Thank you very much.
Codey: No, it's, I mean, it was mostly hit, like, like he bought it for himself to be able to play his game.
Al: I'm saying you're the plural here, right?
Codey: Correct, correct.
Codey: I guess.
Codey: Yes, you are correct, but it is the it is something that he mostly plays.
Codey: Um, this was the 1st time I was like, yeah, this was the 1st time I was like, oh, I would like to play this.
Al: Until until it's not.
Codey: And then he reminded me that if I really like a game, um,
Codey: It's on his steam account.
Codey: And so if I wanted to play it again later and I get myself a steam deck, I would be kind of screwed.
Codey: And a game like this would be great because I can just play it again.
Codey: But, yeah, it tickled my brain in the right way.
Codey: It was also great because I was having a day where I was kind of couch bound, like I was unable to really move around a lot.
Codey: due to chronic illness.
Codey: And so I wasn't able to like sit at my desk and do specimens, which is what I would normally do.
Codey: Um, but I kind of got the same itch out of it because,
Codey: I could just like slouch in bed or on the couch and just like get comfy and just play it.
Codey: And I like listen to a book at the same time.
Codey: 10 out of 10 recommend.
Codey: If you like that kind of thing, let me know, uh, listeners, if you've played it, um, or if you want to talk about it.
Al: I will say, Bad name.
Codey: Mhm.
Codey: Yes, I agree.
Al: Terrible.
Codey: Though I wonder if, like, this is going to be a series of games.
Codey: So if it's like librarian, tidy up the, uh, Underworld library and then it's more about like vampires and wereworld.
Al: Doesn't make it any better of a name.
Al: But in that, but, but my, I mean, my immediate, my immediate thought was, you just call it arcane librarian, right?
Codey: you're right.
Al: Because then you've got the 2 things that matter.
Al: Um, and and then that still works for what you're suggesting, even if it if the plan is to have multiple games, right?
Al: Like you still then have the same thing.
Codey: You're right
Al: It's like underworld librarian, right?
Al: It's just like, because every time I think about this after you've mentioned it.
Al: I can never remember what the name of the game is
Al: It's like librarian, something, something, arcane something, something, something.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Too many words.
Al: Bad name.
Codey: Yeah, I'm trying to look.
Al: Make a better name.
Codey: So this game came out like within the last month, that makes sense, but I'm just, I'm just trying to look now, like what other library games there are, and it looks like there's some small ones, but none that are that itch the same, the same thing, library simulator.
Al: Yeah, it was the end of April.
Codey: No.
Al: Steam, is this game relevant to you?
Al: Similar to games you've played, Heartopia, one hour on record.
Al: User reviews very positive.
Al: Currently popular.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: One friend wants this game.
Codey: It's definitely very popular.
Al: It's A's, A's wants this train game.
Codey: Mm, mm, mm-hmm.
Al: I don't know why it's not listing you as have.
Al: Oh, because you said it wasn't your account, that's why.
Codey: Yeah, because it's on my husband's.
Al: And I am not friends with him.
Codey: No.
Codey: He doesn't, actually, he has a lot.
Codey: I was going to say he doesn't have a lot of steam friends, but he does because when I was playing, I was getting a lot of notifications, but I doubt that he's lost.
Codey: Like, I don't think that he's very, um, interactive with his friends on steam, but.
Al: Wow, shocking.
Codey: Yeah, you know, software men and their silence.
Codey: Um, in, in, actually, I was going to say in the real, but I don't know.
Al: How dare?
Codey: Yeah, you're, who is the abnormal one there?
Codey: Is it you or is it him?
Al: What is normal?
Codey: You're right.
Codey: So that's what I've been playing.
Codey: What have you been playing on?
Al: I have also been playing outbound.
Al: I haven't been playing anything else.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Not because my time has been completely filled with playing it outbound because I can't get enough of it, but because I did that thing where I feel guilty playing any other game because I'm meant to be playing the game that I'm covering this week on the podcast.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Mm-hmm, Mm-hmm.
Al: So, um, yeah.
Al: We'll talk about that.
Codey: Okay.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: No, I think that's pretty much it.
Al: Let's see if I got anything interesting to talk about.
Al: I started watching the Studio Ghibli films.
Codey: Oh, okay, because you had not, right?
Al: I had not, no, I'd been, I've been talking about it for a while, um, because it's been one of the things that I've been wanting to do, uh, but I wanted to do it in a time period where I was like, okay, I'm going to watch at least 2 a week and just like get it done and, and, and kind of like not binge them as such, but like, I don't want to, the last, when me and Rona watch through all of the James Bond films,
Codey: Uh-huh.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Right.
Al: It took us like 9 months because we were so bad at actually going through and watching them all.
Al: I was like, I don't want it to take that long.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Is that worth doing?
Al: So... James Bond.
Al: Do you like any James Bond films?
Al: you seen any?
Al: Okay.
Codey: No.
Al: Uh, I think I think it is worth it.
Codey: I know the vibe.
Al: What I will say is that if you watch them all so close together like that, as opposed to over decades, you will notice how similar the stories are.
Codey: Okay.
Al: So it's not for the story, because the story is the same, basically.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Right.
Al: Um, and obviously in the 1st.
Al: quite a few of them.
Al: I mean, obviously it's James Bond, there's going to be misogyny in all of them, but at the beginning, it's particularly bad.
Codey: Right.
Al: So you do need to go in bearing that in mind.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: However, I think it was, I enjoyed going through them all and it was interesting to see how it progressed and going through each of the different James Bonds and seeing how they progressed, et cetera, et cetera.
Codey: Yep.
Codey: Okay.
Al: I thought it was enjoyable.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Okay.
Al: And there's...
Codey: Yeah, I think that's one of those series that I've just not really done.
Codey: Um, so good to hear.
Al: Yeah.
Al: No, I, yeah, I think it's, I think it's worth it as long as you can deal with the rampant misogyny and uh, at least one explicit rape scene.
Codey: Oh.
Codey: Um, I don't know.
Al: It's, I mean, it's not a graphic scene, but it is like he says, we're going to have sex.
Codey: Right.
Codey: It does happen.
Al: She says no.
Al: And then the next scene is they're waking up.
Al: So it's like.
Codey: Mm, yeah.
Al: It's true.
Al: So, yeah.
Codey: Yep, not not happy vibes.
Al: But I mean, the misogyny in general is kind of what you expect because it's James Bond and that's kind of the point, right?
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Uh, I did enjoy there's a point where when, uh, when Judy Dench starts showing up.
Al: Because she's in a lot of them.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: The tone shifts in a way it's like James Bond doesn't stop being a misogynist, but he just starts getting called out on it.
Al: Which I just think is very interesting that it, it, it basically directly happens when Judy Ench becomes M.
Al: And it's like that's the point where they decided, huh, maybe women are people too.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Also, uh, excuse me, James, Dame, Judy Dench.
Al: No, I refuse to use those terms because I disagree with them as a fundamental policy.
Codey: Thank you very much.
Al: I don't agree with the uh, the monarchy having power over titles and uh, so I refuse to, to, to use them.
Codey: Oh, interesting.
Codey: Okay.
Al: Fun times.
Codey: Cool.
Codey: That's what we've been.
Codey: Wait, no, this is, wait, yeah, that's what we've been playing.
Al: It's what we've been up to.
Al: We've been up to, it's literally written in the show notes for you to see the words.
Codey: That's what we've been up to.
Codey: You think I'm looking at the sh .
Al: Oh yeah, we got distracted with James Bond.
Al: Yeah, so I'm watching through the studio Ghibli films.
Al: I'm 2 in so far.
Al: The 1st two.
Codey: Oh, which ones?
Codey: Which ones?
Al: What is it now? Nasissa?
Al: Is that how you say it?
Codey: Nausika.
Al: Now that's it, sure.
Al: And Castle in the Sky.
Al: Those are the 2 I've seen.
Codey: Okay.
Codey: Hilariously, I've not.
Codey: Because I have not done like a systematic watch through of those either.
Al: I
Al: I will say so far, so I've seen those 2 and I've seen the boy in the heron, that's the newest one.
Codey: That's also the one I've also not seen that.
Al: I saw that in the cinema.
Al: And one thing I've noticed so far, there's a lot of flying.
Al: There's a lot of things in the sky.
Codey: Hmm.
Al: So... I just I just think that's interesting.
Codey: Interesting.
Al: I wonder if that will continue.
Al: But yeah, with me going to the Isle of Man for 2 weeks.
Al: I will be watching a lot the next 2 weeks.
Al: And then at least 2 for the rest of the week.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: So I reckon I'll be done in about 7 weeks, maybe, something like that.
Codey: Okay, have fun.
Al: That's what we've been up to.
Al: Woo.
Codey: A woo.
Al: We are going to go through some news then.
Al: There's not a lot of news, but there's always some.
Codey: Mm-hmm. Mhm.
Al: First up, Budgie's bug shop.
Al: I have announced that they're releasing on the 25th of May, which is in the past if you're listening to this podcast.
Al: It's not the past for us, but it will be the past for you.
Codey: So this game looks really freaking cute.
Codey: I don't remember if I've seen this before or not.
Codey: Um, my one question.
Codey: So it is on Mac, which I'm super excited about, but there's no indication of price, question mark?
Al: Woo!
Al: Hmm.
Al: Yeah, yeah, they don't tend to show price until they're until it's actually out.
Codey: So.
Codey: Well, some people do, but just not them.
Al: I don't think it's, I don't think it's very common to have price before your...
Codey: Um...
Codey: That's fair.
Codey: So to be determined, but I do love, I love like, I know you don't like these shop games.
Al: I, no, no, it's not that I, it's not that I'm against the concept of shop games.
Codey: Um,
Al: It's that I haven't enjoyed one yet.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Okay, okay.
Al: But I am I am open to what I really want a shop game to be good, and this one intrigues me.
Codey: So a possibility exists.
Al: Well, because it seems like really like the scaling up of things is what intrigues me most about this, right?
Codey: Cool.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Um, I don't know whether that will actually lead to something that I enjoy, but yeah, definitely feels to me like it could be.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: My question is, is this a rogue like? Because it has lots of feelings of rogue likes, but I don't see anything about actually resetting.
Al: So is it rogue like or is it like a cookie clicker, paper clip thing where it's just you're just building up into this ridiculous degree, but it's not focussed around the restarting.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: I don't know.
Codey: Yeah, to be determined.
Al: Does they sell bugs in an ever-expanding shop and not, it doesn't talk about runs anywhere.
Al: So I'm hoping.
Al: I hoping it's not a roguelike and it's just a... Let's get as big...
Codey: Well, so it's, you sell the bugs, but you have to collect the bugs.
Codey: It looks like there's this little mini game of like a cookie clicker style mini game thing.
Al: Yes.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: Um, and that could, but that could be a rogue light situation.
Al: Well, okay, right.
Al: I mean, the problem with that is like any repeating gameplay can technically be called rogue like, right?
Al: Because it's just a repeated, but like every game has repeating gameplay.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: I only consider a rogue like if you're like, okay, all of our progress gone now and sure, there might be some upgrade you can buy between them, but you have to then start again.
Codey: Oh, okay, yeah.
Al: It's not the same thing if you go, oh, here's a little part of the game that you have to keep replaying to catch bugs.
Al: That's not, then Pokemon's a roguelike because you have to keep battling and catching Pokemon, right?
Codey: Okay.
Al: Like...
Codey: Well, I never said Pokemon wasn't a rogue like.
Al: No, I would.
Al: I would say it was not, right?
Codey: Yeah, no, I would too.
Codey: Being feisty.
Al: I thought you were going to say facetious.
Codey: Uh, that's probably a better word for it, yeah.
Al: Anyway, intrigued.
Al: Maybe this, maybe this can be part of the month of bugs.
Codey: Intrigued.
Codey: Month of bugs.
Codey: Yes, for sure.
Codey: And I need to come up with more, uh,
Al: That was the 1st mention of it on the podcast, by the way.
Codey: Oh yeah, something about a month of bugs.
Codey: Ooh, spooky.
Al: No, not spooky.
Al: Summer, not Halloween.
Al: Summer is not spooky.
Codey: But spugs are spooky to some people.
Codey: So that's the.
Al: But should they though?
Al: Should they be?
Codey: No, so that's the that's one of the goals of summer of bugs.
Codey: I was actually thinking about, um, having it be like, we talk about games, but I also like cover some groups of bugs.
Codey: Um.
Al: Well, now I have to do that now that you've said it.
Al: Otherwise Stuart will be unhappy.
Codey: You're right
Codey: Um, and I'm sure.
Al: You're teasing the idea of bug talk and I don't give it to them.
Al: Stuart's gonna be annoyed.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Um, I just think that'd be fun to, like, go over some bugs and explain some bugs, but it might not be fun.
Codey: Listeners, tell us tell us what you think.
Codey: If you want Bug Month to include bug knowledge or if you just, or if you want, um, bug stories.
Codey: Uh, because I we can't, if I did all of the things, it would, these would be very long episodes.
Al: Why not?
Al: We just need to, we just need to start doing it because we are not far away from the month of summer, the summer month, the month of, the month of our being on holiday.
Codey: Okay, you're the person.
Codey: Yeah you're right.
Al: All right, next solar punk have announced that they're releasing on the 8th of June.
Al: So there we go.
Codey: Yep.
Al: I don't think this is going to be an early access.
Codey: Period.
Al: I think this is a really, a full release.
Codey: It doesn't say it's early access.
Codey: it doesn't make it seem like it, that's what it is.
Al: Exactly.
Codey: So I would, yeah.
Al: And I don't remember ever seeing anything about early access and they have released like private demos, I think, private play tests.
Al: So I'm hoping that this is a full release.
Al: I don't know whether I said it, 8th of June.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yep.
Al: There we go.
Codey: On a lot of things.
Codey: Um, Steam GOG, which I don't know what that is.
Codey: The Epic Game Store, PlayStation 5, Xbox series X and S, and then Nintendo Switch 2, which I'm assuming also means, oh, no, I guess it doesn't, I can't make that assumption because it literally just says Nintendo Switch 2 period.
Codey: It doesn't say.
Codey: Yeah, it doesn't say Nintendo Switch.
Al: Wow, interesting.
Al: No switch, just switch two.
Codey: Just switch to.
Al: That's that's unusual for a not 1st party game.
Al: I mean, we're just going to get more of them as time goes on.
Al: I'm just surprised it's already happened because it's only a year since the Switch 2 came out and most 3rd parties want to get the massive amount of people on Switch as well.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Anyway, uh, yeah, GOG is, uh, it's I believe it's a DRM free PC store.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Okay.
Al: That's what makes it different from Stephen Epp.
Codey: Those are words that you said.
Al: DRM is digital rights management.
Al: stuff that's in your game that stops you from being able to, uh, the design behind it, what they say it's for is to stop you being able to pirate things, but it also just, it can make things more difficult in terms of like, you know, just copying it to a different computer or something like that.
Al: makes it harder to do these things.
Al: Although I've never found that Steams DRM ever gets in the way of things personally.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: But yeah.
Codey: Cool.
Al: Anyway, that's GG.
Al: Solar brunk.
Codey: Oh, whoo.
Al: I can't decide whether I'm going to play this game or not.
Al: I feel like I probably should. It kind of feels like it might.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: I, it, I think the thing is, it's either going to be quite big or it's going to be a flash in the pan.
Al: Like, I don't know how it'll end up.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Are you gonna like see how it goes and then figure it out?
Al: I don't know.
Al: We'll see.
Al: It's only, what, is that 2 weeks?
Al: Yeah, just 2 weeks till it comes out.
Codey: That is horrifying.
Al: What, the 8th of June is 2 weeks away.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: That May is like already flashed by.
Al: Yeah, buy me.
Codey: Bye.
Al: One week of melee.
Codey: Oh my god.
Al: Plush parade have announced that they are releasing on the 28th of May.
Codey: Uh, yeah, this is another game that I hadn't known existed, but it sure looks cute.
Codey: Um, I'm not going to play it, but it's cute.
Al: Yeah, I don't I probably, unless it get, unless I see that it's getting a lot of good reviews.
Al: I probably won't play this one either.
Al: This is definitely not my sort of game.
Al: Um, It is to spend for it.
Codey: Correct.
Al: It's basically it's probably has the disadvantage of Tomadachi life, which is like you spend your entire time like designing these characters and it's just not where my brain is.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Oh, this is a cosy B game.
Codey: Wait a minute.
Al: Wait, what did they do?
Codey: I didn't realise this.
Codey: This is a cosy, uh, Ranch of Rivershine, capybar spa, lemon cake, bunny park, alchemy story.
Al: Oh, oh, yeah, of course.
Al: What's her name?
Al: Um, I've forgotten her name.
Codey: I want to, I want to say Elise, but I don't know if that's correct.
Al: Yeah, yeah, we, we, we, we interviewed her about uh, lemon cake.
Codey: Mm-hmm. Mhm.
Al: I did not realise that it was Cosy B.
Al: I'd forgotten that she goes by that as Cosy B for development now.
Al: That was my confusion there.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Well, there you go.
Codey: There you go, that's it.
Al: Oh, no, no, no, I probably need to buy the game.
Al: Rumble, grumble.
Codey: Sorry.
Al: We also have 2 new games to talk about as opposed to the games that are new.
Al: There aren't new, but Cody just hadn't heard about.
Codey: Yep.
Al: And the 1st one is country slime.
Al: This is where I would normally read the blurb on Steam to give you an idea of what this game is.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: The blurb for this game is co-op survival game.
Codey: That's it.
Codey: That's the tweet.
Al: You could probably copy and paste that 5 times in a tweet.
Al: That's how short it is.
Codey: Yep.
Codey: You're right.
Al: So the interest, so this is kind of, um, I would say terraria kind of gives you a vague idea of how this looks and plays, because it's like side scrolly, 8 bit graphics, uh, you are kind of going up and down and side by side through tunnels and stuff like that. Um, but it seems to be more focussed on the kind of farming aspect rather than the digging aspect that Terraria has.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Mm.
Al: Um, but yeah, uh, interesting looking.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: There is a little bit of a blurb that I will blurb, but it's just not in the blurb spot.
Codey: Uh, forage, cook and eat, upgrade your equipment and enhance your skills to take down the boss.
Al: Oh, goodness.
Codey: If you need a hand, team up with team up with up to 4 players.
Codey: You can form a team of up to 4 slams on the same day.
Codey: Um, you can join to do that.
Codey: You'd either join using a join code or connect directly to a friend from the underground storage in game.
Codey: Um, looks like there's a...
Al: That's way too much information for a blurb.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Oh my gosh, wait, there's an there's an AI generated content disclosure was utilised to create the initial draft of the background music and the music for the thing.
Codey: These tracks are currently necessary for development. We will be replaced with even better and more fitting music from the artist. Before this is interesting.
Codey: I'd never seen these AI generated content disclosure thingies.
Codey: Well, good that they're going to replace that.
Al: Fair enough.
Codey: Um, I think it looks cute, and it looks like each of the slimes has different, like, either your different coloured slimes have different things or you can just have different powers because one of these slimes has like a rocket launcher.
Al: Obviously, I'm guessing you get them as you as you progress.
Codey: And hat.
Codey: True.
Codey: Okay.
Al: Yeah, it's interesting.
Al: So yeah, so you're a slight.
Al: You're as slime, as mentioned.
Al: But it's not like everything's slimes because there are like animals and bosses and stuff like that.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yeah, you are just a slime.
Al: Interesting choice.
Codey: It's take over take over of slimes.
Codey: Someone was like, what if what would the world be like from the view of a Stardew Valley slime?
Codey: Or I guess a Terrarius line?
Codey: I don't know.
Codey: Speaking of Stardew Valley likes.
Al: Oh, goodness.
Al: Oh yes, here we go.
Al: Right, the next game.
Al: Tideborn Haven, which right out of the gate.
Al: We got the blank, blank, blank.
Codey: Yep.
Al: So we're there.
Al: But not only that, the title screen.
Al: It just looks like it looks like the one.
Al: 7 update, right?
Al: Like, that's what, that's what I imagine the one.
Al: 7 update information screen would have, right?
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Like, here's the name of the one.
Al: 7 update.
Al: It's Tideborn Haven.
Codey: Yep.
Al: Which, interestingly, it's not, it doesn't seem, so, the visuals is very stargy-like, right?
Codey: Yes.
Al: But that's not that unusual.
Al: But what I will say is the actual overall game doesn't seem like Starjew Clone, which is why I'm bizarre that they've decided to go all in on the image being so Starjew, like, um, So Tyborn Haven, a cosy farming sim about saving the ocean.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: A heartfelt pixel RPG where you restore coral reefs, rescue wildlife and uncover the ocean's forgotten past, relaxing, cosy, addictive.
Al: You don't get to decide any of those words, thank you.
Codey: Mhm.
Al: But I'm glad that's what you're going for.
Al: We'll be the judge of that.
Codey: Mhm, mm-hmm.
Al: Um, so, yeah, you're, you're like running a, uh,
Codey: I don't even know.
Al: I'm not sure if you're actually running a nature reserve, but it feels like that's what you're doing.
Codey: So basic.
Codey: So it sounds like you, uh, like you're as the island's newest caretaker.
Al: Right.
Al: Okay, so you are, you are running a nature preserve, essentially, then.
Codey: But the whole island is a nature reserve.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Yes, yes.
Codey: But there are also other people that live there.
Codey: There's a community, there's a, um, market, it seems like, uh, there's buildings, uh, again, looks very starty like.
Codey: Uh, but I like that it's less about, um, like being a farmer and it specifically is they say cleaning beaches, farming coral.
Codey: So you are farming coral, farming coral, but I think that that's pivotal to like coral restoration.
Codey: Um, rebuilding the town, rehabilit- rehabilitating wildlife and bringing the ecosystem back to life.
Codey: So the main, like, idea of this game is to like restore nature.
Codey: Um, so that's neat.
Codey: I mean, and that's kind of like Coral Island.
Codey: But, yeah.
Codey: And then apparently, uh, most of the people who live on them want to protect live on the island, uh, want to protect the island, but one of them is working with a smuggler for profit.
Codey: So, 0 my gosh.
Codey: And it's up to you to uncover who or if you feel like it, join them.
Codey: There's a Jojo root, you guys.
Al: Yeah, that's how you know that this is inspired a lot by Star Jade.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: It's like, we've got the Jojo.
Al: You know, that's exactly what I feel like was missing from Coral Island, the ability to join the polluters.
Al: I'm obviously joking.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: To me, to meet the merpeople and be like, mm, screw you though.
Al: I don't want to do that.
Al: The interest, well, this is the thing.
Al: The interesting thing about JoJo for me in Stardew is is not that, oh, I'm playing the bad guy.
Al: It's that it changes your priorities and I find that interesting.
Al: Instead of being like, I'm trying to do everything, I'm trying to build up the valley, I'm trying to get to know everyone, I'm trying to gather as much different things as I can to commute the community bundles, it's about money, and that is everything that matters in that version.
Al: You got to get the money and I found that very interesting to play.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: I don't want it to be my default one.
Al: But I found it interesting to do that once, right?
Al: Because it completely changes how you view everything in the game.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: I'm not sure working for a bad guy is the same.
Al: We'll have to see how it works in terms of how it changes the gameplay, but working with a smuggler for profit doesn't really feel like it's going to change the game completely.
Al: Uh, but I don't know.
Al: We'll see.
Codey: Um, some of the like things that you do in the game is really cute.
Codey: So like there's wildlife, rescue and rehabilitation, so it has an image of, uh, your character throwing a fish at like, uh, a bird and then the bird eats it and there's like a plus sign.
Codey: So it says, treat injured animals, care for them and release them back into the wild.
Codey: So it's like rehab, which is great.
Al: Yep.
Codey: Um, I also like undercrafting and recycling systems.
Codey: It talks about working with rubbish, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Codey: But the graphic that's going above, uh, or sorry, below that, is a guy, um, beekeeping and he like, uh, smokes one hive, which is what you do, uh, to calm a hive.
Codey: Well, it's not necessarily to calm them down.
Codey: Um, bees communicate stress through a pheromone.
Codey: So if you use smoke, it like dulls the pheromones, so fewer of them will get stressed out.
Codey: Um, and so you smoke one hive, he gets honey from it, and then the character goes to another hive and just takes honey out and then is running from a bunch of bees.
Codey: So, which is cool because I think a lot of these games, it's just like, oh, you just go and you do the beehives versus like this is actually showing like you need to calm them down first.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Yeah, yeah, and that, well, it's going to be interesting to see whether that makes it more or less fun, right?
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Because my thing about these is making it more realistic doesn't necessarily make it fun and sometimes it can make it less fun.
Al: Um, and it'll be interesting to see that because yeah, the standard bees is like, there's bees.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Here's honey.
Codey: Mhm, mm-hmm.
Al: Which is not really at all how it works.
Al: It's much more complicated than that, as we saw with Apico.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Um, But, yeah, how far down do they go?
Al: It does have, it does have, the building next to them does say apiary on it.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Interestingly.
Al: So I, you're going to have like a bunch of different buildings that are related to different things.
Al: I'm intrigued by this game enough to consider.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yeah, so it's going live on Kickstarter soon.
Codey: So.
Al: Yeah, the 2nd of June.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: So definitely keep an eye out for it.
Codey: And to end this part, I'll just blurb the last little bit of the Kickstarter.
Codey: Um, this is uh, the developer Ryan speaking.
Codey: I wanted to create a world that feels alive, meaningful and worth caring about, one that players can get lost in, while also connecting with the idea that even small actions can make a difference in real life too.
Codey: And I love that.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: So cool.
Al: We'll keep you up to date.
Al: All right, I think that's all of the news.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: We're all news, news did out.
Codey: Oh, woo.
Codey: Correct.
Al: Pardon me.
Al: We are now going to talk about outbound.
Al: So, I'm going to do my usual, try and give a vague explanation of the game and then see how much Cody wants to add to that.
Codey: Woo!
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: This is a game where you drive a camper van around a world, uh, gathering, building up your camper van to explore more, visit everywhere, gather everything, clearing up rubbish, et cetera.
Codey: I would the only Gigi, A forever.
Codey: The only thing.
Codey: No, that I would add is the fact that this game really leans heavily on sustainability.
Codey: So everything that you use is reusable, regrowable, whatever, your van is powered by reusable energy, um, and the dev-ish.
Al: Yeah, ish.
Al: Well, yeah, to start with your, like, generating electricity by burning things.
Codey: Burning wood that is regenerative.
Al: Yeah, I know, but still, like.
Al: Sure, it's better than burning coal, but it's still emits carbon.
Codey: Correct.
Codey: No, not as much.
Codey: So especially because the rest of the world, like there's not really like a carbon area or something.
Codey: There's like an area that it's like these
Codey: this is the area where people are not sustainable any longer, at least not where I've gotten to yet.
Codey: Um, There's a lot of solar panels, a lot of like wind energy or rain energy, like and collecting rain, um, so yeah, but it is basically van life.
Codey: Um, the simulator slash life exploration game.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Fair enough.
Al: Uh, shall we do a quick initial thoughts and feelings?
Al: How do you like this game, et cetera?
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: And how do we want to talk about how far we got?
Codey: Okay, so I am, uh, I really like this game.
Al: Sure.
Codey: I've been playing it a lot.
Codey: I am in the mountains, which is the 4th place, I believe.
Codey: Um, So I've gone through, there's like a forest, and then, oh, I can't remember the order.
Codey: A beach and then a desert area and now I'm in the mountain area.
Codey: So um, I really like that.
Codey: I have a dog, of course.
Codey: Um, I think I'm at like 20 hours because whenever you load the game up, it like, tells you, it's like, here's your latest save and it says how many hours and I think I'm around 20.
Codey: So I like.
Al: And I'll, okay, okay.
Al: Is that is that what that's what you've got you like?
Codey: I like, uh, yeah, I, I can't, I literally, I can't think, uh, I mean, I would,
Al: No more than that.
Al: Just as a general, like obviously we'll be talking about the details later on, but like just as a as a whole.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yeah, I recommend it for sure.
Codey: Um, and I'm enjoying it a lot.
Codey: What about you?
Al: Okay.
Al: Uh, I'm about 5 hours in.
Al: I'm still in the 1st area, I think.
Al: Like, I'm presuming that it's pretty obvious when you're moving into a different area, right?
Al: Because in the 1st area, you're like going across bridges and stuff like that, but you're still in the 1st area, right?
Codey: Correct.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Yeah, okay.
Al: So I'm still in the 1st area.
Al: Uh, I don't think I would say I dislike this game.
Al: I think it's fine.
Al: It just hasn't grabbed me the way many games would.
Al: I find the exploration part of it not interesting and that kind of puts a dampener on the rest of it.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Hmm.
Codey: Interesting.
Al: Um, I think as a crafting exploration game, it's pretty, in my opinion, pretty bare bones, and so if that's what you're looking for, it's not, I think, not a lot to it there.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: And it might just be that you get more as you continue, but I just didn't feel the draw to like, oh, I must, I must go see that.
Codey: Hmm.
Al: go find that.
Al: Like none of it seemed.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: There was one area very near the beginning that was kind of vaguely like, oh, okay, vaguely interesting.
Al: Uh, the, the, the fire terror that kind of made, gave me some sort of level of like, oh, maybe there's something interesting here.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: But then I didn't really find anything else that made me want to continue and explore and find anything.
Al: And so it just all kind of feels like I'm just, I'm just driving around a map.
Al: I'm not really exploring.
Al: And but I'm sure we can get we can get into that in the details.
Codey: Okay.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: But that's kind of my overall.
Al: Mechanics wise, I guess, big one is driving.
Al: Obviously you're going to spend a lot of time driving in this game.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: The, I found the driving fine.
Al: It wasn't um, so you choose, you can choose a couple of different camper vans and the different camper vans handle differently based on their weight and stuff like that.
Al: I obviously just chose one.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: I don't, I presume you've not done a 2nd save to compare how the driving feels.
Codey: Yeah, I don't think that's something I'm really concerned about.
Al: No, well, the only reason I say is because I found, so I chose the middle one, I think, the kind of like good handling, but not amazing handling.
Codey: Oh, right.
Codey: I forgot that they actually have like values.
Al: Yeah, exactly.
Codey: Got it.
Al: And I just, I found, as I was driving, I was like, if this is the good handling, I couldn't imagine driving the bad handling one, the cornering just feels dreadful, the speed feels so boringly slow, especially when there's areas of the map that are just like straight roads, I felt like I was crawling.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: And I know that's because you can upgrade it later and get it faster, but it just, if I'm jumping into a game where primary mechanic is driving a camper van and the driving the camper van feels so boring.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: That's not going to encourage me to continue playing, you know?
Al: I don't know how you feel about the driving.
Codey: Right.
Codey: I don't think that the driving really like caught me at all.
Codey: I don't think I noticed anything about the driving.
Codey: Um, honestly, I completely forgot that the different, um, the different, uh, vans had, like different features or different handling or whatever, completely forgot about that.
Al: Yeah, I think if you're, if you're, if it, if you don't find the driving bad, then I can see how you'd just be like, it's just what it is, especially as I guess, if it's, because it's not the only thing you're doing in the game, right?
Codey: In the kitchen.
Al: But, um, so if you're really enjoying the other stuff and you're just kind of fine on the driving, then that's, but it's not, it's not anything to be like, this is not this selling point of the game.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: I don't think anyone's going to play this game and be like, the driving is amazing.
Codey: Um, I think it's more about the exploration for sure.
Al: Yeah, yeah.
Al: So that's fine.
Al: Um, I, but, yeah, so don't go into it expecting it to be amazing, the driving wise, it's fine.
Al: It's just to me, it's like I feel like I needed something there, like...
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: The exploration is done using the driving, right?
Al: And so it's hard to justify continuing to play a game where the mechanic is, in my opinion, so boring to get to the other parts that are apparently better in the game.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: So.
Al: Does that make sense?
Codey: Uh, that makes sense.
Codey: I think that, uh, again, it just didn't pop off to me at all, but I could see how it could be really boring.
Codey: There have been times when I'm driving where I'm like, like, I guess when you're saying, like, what you're saying about being on straight stretches.
Codey: Um, how it doesn't go any faster or any slower.
Codey: Like maybe it could be faster.
Codey: Um, I really think the whole vibe of the game, though, is just exploration and like, I don't know.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Okay, so let's let's talk about the exploration then.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: So the way the way it works is you start off.
Al: You got this map, um, and it's kind of you, your map uncovers as you explore, which is a kind of standard way of doing things.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: And you can kind of the idea is you're meant to like look out the area, see something you want to look at, find it on the map, click it, and then find your way to it, which is fine.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Here's my problem with it.
Al: Convince me I'm wrong.
Al: Here's my problem.
Al: To get there, I'm driving round roads.
Codey: Get.
Al: The roads go to the places that you're wanting to go.
Al: You're not really exploring.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: You're driving along a road to get to a place, right?
Codey: So I do that and I think I'm wondering how much of this is because you didn't leave the 1st area.
Codey: Because I remember that there are these like objectives to get to.
Codey: There's like question marks on the map where you're like, oh, what's over here?
Al: Yeah.
Codey: I have I don't look at those anymore at all.
Codey: I just go in a direction and I come upon something and I'm like, oh, like for me, it's more like clear the map, like open the map or whatever.
Codey: So it's more about clearing the map and like uncovering all of the different things that I go to.
Codey: And then once I have them, then I'm like, okay, I will do X, Y, Z thing.
Codey: Some of the things you have to do.
Codey: Like you need to repair this bridge or you need to like figure out how to lower the drawbridge.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: So you're going to have to go around and figure that out.
Codey: Um, But there are a lot of things where it's like, oh, okay, I need to like repair this thing, but that's not make or break right now.
Codey: It'll, I'll do it later, and then I'll come back to it later.
Codey: So for me, it's less about like going to those objectives, and I, again, like I'll say that that was definitely how it was in the beginning, was it was just like, okay, to the objective, um, and figure out what's here, but now it's just like, oh, what's over here?
Codey: Or like, oh, what's this?
Codey: Like, what's this little grotto thing that has a little like chair under a tree that looks super cosy and it has like a book next to the tree?
Codey: Um, so it's definitely shifted while I've been playing 2 more of just to go around and explore and uncover the map and then go back through again and like complete things once I've done that.
Codey: Because another thing that will happen sometimes is you will uncover like around the map.
Codey: We'll just go into like what the kind of like location.
Codey: So there's definitely the big objectives, like the fire tower, for example.
Codey: But there's also campsites.
Codey: So you go around, um, as you're going around the map, there are these campsites that you can light a fire, and it will kind of unlock that campsite or whatever, like it's kind of another little mini objective to do is just like, you discover, it's a collectable.
Al: It's a collectable.
Al: It doesn't, it doesn't really do anything other than collect.
Codey: like you discovered this campsite.
Codey: Yeah, um, but every campsite or most of them for sure have these like little supply cabinets that have a bunch of things in them.
Codey: Um, and then you, for the most part, usually around a campsite area will be a signal tower.
Codey: And at these signal towers, you can download blueprints that you can then build.
Codey: And some of them are cosmetic or aesthetic or whatever, like, uh, shelves for your ban or whatever.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: But some of them are useful things.
Codey: So like an upgrade to your pickaxe or, um, Or unlocking the pickaxe in the 1st place.
Al: Or unlocking the pickaxe in the 1st place.
Al: Yeah, yeah.
Codey: And so some of them, like some, some,
Al: It's basically everything, basically everything in the game you get through those blueprints, whether it's tools, whether it's things to put inside your camper van, whether it's upgrading the camper van itself, et cetera.
Codey: Yes.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: And the blueprints, uh, sorry, to get the blueprints to download them, you need a download voucher, which is just recycled material.
Codey: Uh, so you pick up this trash along the way, you recycle it in the recycler, and it gives you a voucher, a download voucher for every 2 to one.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Which I think generally is a fun idea and I think works reasonably well.
Al: It's probably my favourite thing in the game is that like it's this idea of you are trying to clear up the area and there's an incentive.
Al: It's like bottle recycling, right?
Codey: Yes.
Al: Where you give a ball back, you get the, you get 20 P or whatever it is depending on whatever country you're in.
Al: It's that sort of idea.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: I like that and the way to do that to get the blueprints is fun as well.
Al: It's like, hey, recycle stuff.
Al: You get blueprints.
Codey: Mm.
Al: That's fun.
Al: It's an incentive to recycle.
Al: What I found confusing with that is figuring out where to get the different blueprints.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Uh, and I don't know whether this improves as you go along, but I found it like, oh, I have an objective to get uh, the pickaxe, I think it was.
Al: I can't remember.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: It doesn't matter to get a specific tool and I need to get that blueprint.
Al: But actually being able to figure out which of the download stations will give you that.
Al: And each download station, you only get one of the blueprints from it.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: And presumably the blueprints that you didn't get from it are then available in other places because obviously I did get the pickaxe and the axe and they were both not available on one and then I got both of them eventually, but I just found it a bit confusing to be like, where am I getting these from?
Codey: Yes.
Al: Right, okay.
Codey: That mystery never goes away.
Al: That's the thing. It's like that feels so close to being fun for me and I just don't understand why it has to be this weird, like the whole game is about going to places and collecting things.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Why does this also have to be that when it's like you're constrained by the amount of recycling you can gather and put into the download codes?
Al: Why do you also have to be constrained in terms of how many download codes you can use?
Al: Like that's, I think, the weird thing to me.
Al: Like if I could just, anytime I get a download code, that means I can get a blueprint and you can have unlock different blueprints as you go.
Al: So obviously you're not unlocking like, you know, really big upgrades until you get to a point in the story.
Al: That's fine, but like, if I have 3 download codes and I have a place that's letting me choose between the pickaxe, the axe, and there was another tool that I can't even remember.
Codey: The scythe.
Al: Why do I only get to choose this?
Al: Yeah, the size.
Al: Why do I only get to choose one of them just now and then I have to go find a different download station to use the download code I've already got?
Al: That I didn't I didn't get that.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yeah, um, I can see that.
Codey: I think, so I have not been worried about like, where is this? Where can I find it?
Codey: Because I kind of, it'll, it'll pop up.
Codey: Like it'll show up whenever whenever it shows up.
Al: This is this is just one of those things where he's showing how we think about games so differently, right?
Al: You're like, ah, things will come to me and I'm like, no, I want it now.
Codey: Yeah, like, I think.
Al: I've got it on my list.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: My list says to do this thing.
Al: Let me get this thing.
Codey: And I'm like, well, you'll find it.
Codey: I mean, there are definitely some things where I'm like, oh, I'll find it later.
Codey: And then I realised that I've had, like, the tool or the crafting table for that thing for a while and I just hadn't built it.
Codey: Um, that definitely has happened.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: But for the most part, I'm just like, eh, or like, oh, I saw that there's, um, a scythe and a pickaxe, and I chose the axe so that I can get more wood because I'm needing a lot of wood right now, and then later, I know that that'll pop back up.
Codey: And they do just pop back up.
Codey: I will say that never that never changes.
Codey: It's never easier.
Al: The thing is that you're needing all of those things all at the same time, right?
Al: Like it's not like you're like, oh, I need wood, but I don't need fibre.
Al: You need both of them all the time.
Codey: Right, but you don't, you can still get it.
Codey: It just, you can't get...
Al: It's just so frustrating.
Al: It's like it was on a list.
Al: You just don't let me get it now.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: It'd be like if you're like take Stardew as an example, right?
Al: Like I've got enough money to buy, uh, you know, 50 turnip seeds and 50 tomato seeds, but it only lets you buy one of the two, right?
Al: Like that would be frustrating.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Um, I get that.
Codey: But it just kind of, uh, it happens when it happens and that's just the difference of the gameplay, I guess.
Codey: So the, the, the thing about like the, not having the pickaxe or the axe or whatever doesn't prohibit you from getting those resources.
Codey: Uh, they will still, they do still exist.
Codey: It's just that, so there might be like a small log of a wood or whatever, but then there's a bigger log that you know will give you more resources, but you, to, to get that, you have to have the big, you have to have an ax.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: So you can still get everything.
Al: Yeah, there's also like sometimes there's sometimes there's stuff blocking the room.
Codey: Yes.
Al: Yeah, there's the, yeah, it's not like it completely stops.
Al: It just frustrating when you're like, I know what I need.
Al: I have the thing I need to get that thing I need and I have
Codey: Yeah.
Al: I want to have it now to do this thing, but I don't know where to get it now because I've already used up that one thing that it...
Codey: Which is interesting to me that that you're having that issue because I, after you drive around for like another 5 minutes or something,
Codey: I don't know if it's like a time-based thing or a distance based thing or whatever.
Codey: Um, you'll get a notification that says that another, um, sign- another download blueprint is available, and then you just open your map and you figure out which of your towers that you've already visited, you can go back to to receive that blueprint.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Is that how that worked?
Al: Because I remember getting, I got the notification saying that you got a radio broadcast, go to this place.
Codey: Yes.
Al: I didn't realise that that had...
Al: It is. Or like, oh, is this going to be one that I care about?
Codey: Uh, no, because it.
Codey: Um, I guess that's true.
Codey: Like, but I don't know if that's, I don't know if it's like, oh, at this radio, radio tower, it is where I was offered this thing.
Codey: I don't think that they're
Al: I think it I think it was.
Al: There might be that there's other ones.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: I'm pretty sure that is the case.
Codey: Okay.
Al: But either way, either way, I guess my issue is, I don't like it when games restrict you in many different ways at the same time and it's like I get having restrictions, right?
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: I'm not saying, let me access everything at the beginning.
Al: I just find it frustrating when it's like, these are the 4 different things you have to do to get to this one thing and it's like, well, I have 3 of those things already.
Al: Multiple of those 3 of those things, but one of the things is time-based and you just have to wait.
Al: It's like, but I'm playing the game now.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Why are you making me wait and do something else, especially when you've given me, you've given me the task to do, right?
Al: You've said, get this thing to do this thing.
Al: But I've already used up that download code for now, so that downloads terminal, whatever it's called.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Voucher.
Al: And I now have to wait.
Al: I have the download code.
Al: I know where to get the thing from, and I have the task to say that I need to do that to finish this task, but I just have to wait now.
Al: Like, that's frustrating to me.
Codey: Uh, I can see why you don't like this game as much as I do.
Codey: There's definitely a lot of that.
Al: And I just want to make it clear.
Al: I don't want you to be less enthusiastic about it.
Al: Please be enthusiastic about the game if you're enjoying it.
Codey: Oh no, I am 100%.
Al: So, Don't let me overtake the entire conversation about how much I'm not enjoying it.
Al: So you really enjoy the exploring part of it.
Codey: Uh, yeah.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Tell me what it is that grabbed you about it.
Al: Why do you love it so much?
Codey: So I will say that the 1st area, now that I'm like trying to remember it, is not as exciting.
Codey: Um, but like other areas, it's like you just drive around a corner or like some, some of the areas you can't drive, you actually have to hike into an area, you'll hike over there and there's just like a cute little thing to find or they have these gnomes.
Codey: Have you encountered any of the gnomes yet?
Al: I have.
Codey: So the gnomes are another collectable, and I think that they represent the Kickstarter or like the top X backers or whatever.
Codey: Um, I believe, um, that is not just because some of their names are very interesting.
Codey: And so I'm like, oh, I wonder if this is like a, this was a person that backed it and then they got to design their own little gnome or something.
Codey: Um, and so that's like finding those is really cute.
Codey: And then even I will say I hate gnomes.
Codey: But, um, like when people have lawn gnomes, I just, it yikes me out and I don't understand why.
Codey: Um, But these are really cute and they're all over it.
Codey: Like, you'll find one that's like fishing randomly, or you'll find one around a corner.
Codey: Um, And it'll, it might be holding a flower or something.
Codey: don't know.
Codey: So those are really cute.
Codey: Another thing that's throughout the world are these rock cairns like to stack rocks. Um, and if you've ever gone hiking with me, you know, uh, I hate that.
Codey: Like, I absolutely hate when I'm hiking and I come upon a rock stack.
Codey: I am the person that will go and kick that down.
Al: Yes.
Codey: Um, even if people are actively building upon it in that moment.
Codey: Um, I like them.
Codey: So I like them if they're, if they're, like, pyramidal or something.
Codey: Like, so if they are if they end up creating a habitat for an animal to live in.
Codey: But otherwise you're basically taking all of these rocks that would provide refuge for animals and you're putting them in a straight line that are that's suddenly like unuseable. I do understand some people use them as markers for hiking trails.
Codey: And I'm not talking about those.
Codey: I'm talking about when it's just like someone being cutesy on Instagram or whatever and they, and I see that.
Codey: So you can build them.
Codey: You can find these cairns that clearly have like a rock still that still needs to be put on them. And then you put the rock on it and you like get the collection or whatever.
Codey: But you can then take it down.
Codey: There's like then a cleanup feature.
Al: I thought of you when I came across one of those.
Al: I was like, Cody...
Codey: I loved it.
Codey: So I love that.
Al: I want to, before you move on to the next thing, I want to talk about these because I don't know if I've ever shared my thing about cairns because they're called cairns here.
Codey: Um.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Okay.
Al: Um, cairns are, uh, there are traditional Scottish thing and I'm sure other places have done things as well, but cairns are in Scotland typically found at the very tops of mountains.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: And it's, I think they were originally, as you say, used for like wayfading and stuff like that.
Al: There are also, there are quite a few that have ended up becoming uh, what are they called um, like rescue houses at the top of mountains for like people to, if they're up the top and the weather goes bad.
Al: They're like safety houses, there's quite a few that have ended up like that.
Codey: Oh yeah, yeah.
Al: And so, well, that's that's the thing.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: That I think that's great.
Al: I think I just, I'm not, I think it's important to, and I'm not saying that you've, I'm not saying you're wrong.
Al: I'm saying I just like people who, when they hear these things, they hear very legitimately saying rock piles are bad.
Codey: Right.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Stacks of rocks are bad.
Codey: Yes.
Al: And I think it's important to like make it clear which are bad and which are not.
Al: Um, and um, I, I, I actually quite like that you specifically pointed out that the pyramido ones, as you would call them, which is what I would call, that, that's Cairns are to me.
Codey: Yes.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: They're not like an individual single rock on top of each other.
Al: That's never been what a cairn is here.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: They're very much like you build it up slowly as this large pyramid, well, not even large.
Codey: Yeah, that's...
Al: They don't tend to be that big.
Al: That's the other thing is they don't tend to be, except they're really old ones that ends up turning into these rescue houses.
Al: They're most often quite small, but wide.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Which that, again, uh, you know, my biggest concern about it is the like removing of habitat of an animal, um, because for some creatures in environments where they don't have a lot of shelter, like if it's a completely open area, those rocks are what provides shelter for like a lot of the animals.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: And so even if it's just a tiny little rock, like there's probably a whole beetle colony or sorry, ant colony or like Beatles or something that could live under that rock.
Codey: Um, And so, um, That is something that I think is frustrating when it's just that single pile of like one-on-one-on-one on one.
Codey: And it's just people being like, oh, I'm going to be cutesy in nature and I'm like, no.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: I mean, you could be cutesy, get your photo.
Codey: I'm gonna be like, oh, that's so cute.
Codey: You're going to walk around the corner and I'm going to kick that thing down.
Codey: I just, I have feelings clearly.
Codey: Um, but no, I think that what you're saying is also like in an era, I think it's probably very different from, you know, where you are, where it's something that's more cultural versus here and like that, you know, I'm just gonna do it for Instagram or whatever. Um, or, I mean, you could, again, you could also do it.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Yeah, yeah, although I think...
Codey: and then and take that photo and then take it down.
Codey: You don't have to leave it.
Al: Well yeah, there is that.
Codey: I think is my...
Al: Well, interestingly, interestingly, the Scottish folklore around it is that when clans were going to fight in a battle, each man would put a stone in a pile, that was the cairn, and then when they came back, those who survived removed a stone from the pile, and the remaining stones were then reformed into a cairn as like...
Codey: Wow.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Um, so yeah, it's they were never meant to be permanent anyway, right?
Al: Like I don't...
Codey: Yeah.
Al: I think that sometimes we can think of these things as more than they actually are, and that actually it's traditionally was a temporary thing that then the remaining ones become part of our, but honouring the dead, but then only for a short time, right?
Al: Because especially in previous times, you would forget because you don't write all these things down, right?
Al: And you pass on this information and so you're not going to pass on the dead forever, right?
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Like, it was interesting.
Al: I was listening, this is getting really deep.
Al: I was listening to a podcast today about, oh, it was 99% invisible.
Codey: Um, I have not, uh, but I've heard about it, and I think it'd probably be really nice to listen to, especially now that, yeah.
Al: It's a re, it's a really good podcast.
Al: I love to listen to it every single week.
Codey: Okay.
Al: Um, and they're doing a series just now on um, uh, it's about in the run up to the America's 250th anniversary.
Al: They're talking about 100 objects to do with the country that are less famous than previous than the standard ones.
Codey: Okay.
Al: It's interesting.
Al: actually asking people if you've got something that you think is interesting in your attic.
Al: Talk to us and we'll.
Codey: Okay.
Al: So I really like what they're doing with that.
Al: They kind of talking, taking everyday things.
Al: They talk about it as being the nobodies, the nobody's talking about the history.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: But the 1st episode was about a time capsule that was put in on the 100th anniversary to be opened on the 200th.
Codey: Uh-huh.
Al: And the interesting thing about that was it was kind of the 1st time that these sorts of things had happened, certainly in the West, the idea of remembering the past and thinking about the future is that for so long people didn't really think about the future, because the future is pretty much the same as the now, right?
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: And so they would just think about the now, whereas at that point it was such a, the progress of technology was ramping up so much that people were like, well, how is this going to be?
Al: And so they were thinking about how the future will be.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: And I find that really interesting, just the idea of like, we are in a unique time where the last sort of 100 to 200 years is the only real time in human history that people have really been thinking about both the past and the future and not just thinking about the now. And actually, in a way, isn't that a huge privilege to be able.
Al: just be constantly worrying about the now.
Al: Obviously, there's lots to worry about with the now, right?
Codey: Yeah.
Al: But most of us aren't thinking about our constant.
Al: Are we going to be alive tomorrow, most of us, thankfully?
Codey: Right.
Al: Obviously, some are.
Al: Most of us, certainly almost everyone listening to this podcast will not be in that situation.
Al: And so I just find it really interesting because we're just talking about that, like the idea of remembering the past would actually not have happened for as long as we remember the past.
Codey: Right.
Codey: Yeah, I think that's something that, again, we're off the rails, but I feel like people are going to enjoy this tangent.
Codey: Um, I feel like that's something that is not spoken about in a lot of places.
Codey: So I'm from Oregon, which was made a state in 1859.
Codey: So, I, like that our state and the oldest buildings in Oregon are like a 100, 150 years old.
Codey: So they're not that old, um, in comparison to other buildings when the 1st time I came out to the east coast, I was like, whoa, some of these buildings are old, like they've been up since before Oregon was even a state.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: Um, and there's that sense of like actual like history around you.
Codey: And I know a lot of folks who are who are from America who have gone to Europe have said the same thing, how they'll go into these buildings that have, you can just feel history.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Well, like there's there's buildings around me that are like 600, 700 years old.
Al: There's a there's a, the oldest building in Glasgow dates back to 1100 sometime, sometime in 1100.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: And that is just unfathomable to a lot of people.
Codey: And I think it's beautiful that we are starting to think about the past and the present.
Codey: I mean, if you don't, like, it's the whole, if people who don't study the past are doomed to repeat it.
Codey: Um, I feel like that's happening a lot where people are saying things like, oh, this has never happened before and it's like it actually has happened before.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: And here's when it happened, and here's how we could have learned from that.
Codey: Um...
Al: Yeah.
Al: Learning from the past, what?
Codey: Yeah, exactly.
Codey: Um, So there's that, I think, but then also thinking, as you're saying, thinking about the future and thinking about like, oh, you know, this, like this time capsule was put 100 in a 100 years ago.
Codey: What are the things going to be like 100 years from now?
Codey: Um, I think that's really cool.
Codey: And I think that, like, the, like, the cairns in Scotland, it sounds like, are really cool if they continue, if they still, wherever they still exist because it is like, this is a physical representation of someone who is gone.
Codey: Um, versus like no representation of it at all or a grave that might not exist anymore.
Codey: I mean, the grave is probably still there, but like no marker of it or something.
Codey: Um, Yeah.
Codey: So I like that.
Al: Yeah, and I think looking on Wikipedia, it looks like the concept of Karen.
Al: Everywhere.
Al: It's not, it's not unique to here, but obviously I'm coming at it from, from my knowledge of my culture and the history here.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Yeah, you have it from that, and I, my most of my experience out in Oregon was people being cutesy, and like that kind of thing.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: Um, you know, people hiking.
Al: And these single, I think, I think what I found interesting about the, the, the piles in this game is that I, I think it's it's made me realise what you were talking about, right?
Al: Because I don't see piles like that, where it's like the one stone...
Al: And it's like, I can now see why you're like, when they fall over, they cause problems because I was always like, what do you mean when they fall over?
Al: Like, why would they fall over?
Al: I don't understand.
Al: They're like just structures.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: So that, yeah.
Al: And then I see this and I'm like, oh, I see how that falls over.
Al: That's always going to fall over.
Al: Like, what are you talking about?
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: So when they, not only when they fall over, but like the fact that you just took 10 rocks or whatever, that were on the ground that were produced providing habitat, that are not doing that until it falls over.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Well, that's the other thing as well is like a person doesn't build a cairn.
Codey: Correct.
Codey: Well, some people do actually.
Codey: Wait a minute, back it up.
Al: No, but okay, I mean, I'm talking, I'm talking
Codey: The real ones?
Al: I'm talking about cairns here in Scotland.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: The way that they have traditionally been, obviously.
Al: Social media ruins everything, but if we talk about how I know cairns and how I have experienced cairns, a person doesn't build a cairn.
Codey: Correct.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: A person adds to a cairn.
Al: And so it's a slow process as well that, you know, these cairns are generally built up over years.
Al: You don't just pick up a whole pile of stones and make a cairn yourself, right?
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Like that's cheating, right?
Codey: Yeah.
Al: And I feel like that also makes a massive difference to the impact of it, right?
Al: Because if you take a whole bunch of stones from one area and turn it into a pile in a different area, that's harder for animals to adapt to than if one stone is moved.
Codey: Yes.
Al: And then 2 months later, another stone is moved.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Um,
Codey: Yes.
Codey: Yeah, versus like people just absolutely like uncovering this whole area and all of the bugs are like, ah, or whatever.
Al: Exactly.
Codey: I mean, it's not always just bugs, but like all the animals that are living under it are just like, what?
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Al: And I suspect like that has been an issue here as well because one of the things, um, so if we take, uh, um, Loch Lomond as a pretty common area in Scotland to climb the hills there, um, and most of the hills there now have like a proper path built on it, because they became so popular for people climbing them, that there were massive scars up the side of it, that you could see for miles and miles and miles, right?
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: And so they were like, well, we need to build these paths because otherwise people are just going to destroy the mountains, right?
Al: Like, and all of the vegetation because people were just climbing wherever, meaning that these massive areas were just completely destroyed because they're like literally 100s of people will go up every single day, maybe 1000s every single day.
Codey: Yep.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: And so building these paths meant that that was less of an issue.
Al: And so you probably would end up in the same situation with cairns on those sorts of mountains where there are 100s of people every day, as opposed to some hills where there's just a few people, a day, or maybe not even one a day, you know, that sort of thing.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: And it's, as with everything with humans, when we do more than we have previously done, that generally destroys the environment.
Codey: Number go big.
Al: Yeah, exactly, exactly.
Codey: Except for biodiversity.
Al: Uh.
Codey: Well, this has been Karen Core.
Codey: Um...
Codey: No, I just I think that that was something I definitely, as I was playing a little bit today.
Codey: I was like, I want to talk about this, not only because of the topic, and the fact that it's like an exploration thing, like you come upon them, and usually they are, as you said, that they're like usually on tops of mountains or something, they're usually in a place where you can then, it's like a viewpoint that you can then look out and it's like a pretty view. And you might even see things that it's like, oh, I actually want to go over, like I have it uncovered that part of the map yet.
Al: Yes.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: I wanna go over there now.
Codey: Um,
Al: You can actually, interestingly, you talk about that because you can actually argue that Cairns serve no purpose in Scotland anymore because certainly in terms of the wayfaring aspect, because, um, I don't know if you know this about Britain, I'm talking specifically about Britain, not about the United Kingdom.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: A few, I can't remember when it was.
Codey: Okay.
Al: At one point in the past.
Al: I'll need to Google exactly when this was.
Al: Um, the ordinance survey, um, put up, uh, they're called trick points because they're obviously used for trigonometry if anyone understands how these, which were therefore measuring the heights of all of the hills, every single hill in Britain, basically.
Codey: Okay.
Codey: Much hill.
Al: But they're, they're, they're placed so that for everyone that you're at, you can see at least 2 others from it.
Al: So if you're up the top of a hill and you're at a trig point, they generally are at the top of hills, because obviously those are the most visible bits, you'll be able to see the other tops of hills around you and see their trig points.
Codey: Hmm.
Codey: Right.
Al: So they kind of do the same thing as what wayfaring cairns would have done in the past.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Yeah, I just that was interesting.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: But the other funny thing is you'll also just randomly find them in fields.
Al: Because they have to be every certain distance, right?
Codey: Oh, because like it.
Al: Because otherwise, otherwise they don't work.
Al: Um, and so they they are everywhere.
Al: And yeah, you'll be, it makes sense when you're at the top of the top of a mountain, you see one at the summit.
Al: Great, fantastic.
Al: It's quite common to like stand on top of it and take a picture.
Al: Hey, I made it to the top of this mountain.
Al: Great.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: But then, yeah, you'll find them a random one in a field and you're like, oh, hello?
Al: Are we at something special? And it's like, no, you're not at somewhere special.
Al: You just in between hills and the hills were too far away from each other.
Al: So they had to put one here as well.
Codey: Yep.
Codey: Well, then if you find one in the middle, you're like, there's got to be some hills near here.
Al: Not necessarily, they're just, they're literally everywhere.
Codey: Or you could follow them like to a hill.
Al: Like they have the.
Al: Yeah, but there's, you can also just see the hills, but yes, they are absolute, like when I say they're everywhere, they are everywhere.
Al: Like every single one you have to see at least 2 from, which means that even if you're not...
Codey: Uh, what do those look like?
Al: Uh, let me...
Codey: Yeah, put one in the discord, the slack.
Codey: Oh.
Codey: Um, okay, well, you do that, I will continue to talk about cool things in this game.
Codey: Um.
Codey: So there's also just like, there are notes around.
Codey: So at present, there's not really any, there are not any NPCs that I have uncovered, like that are people that you could actually talk to.
Codey: It's a lot of things like in the desert, for example, there's a house that you go into and the only purpose of this house, like, there's nothing in it for you to, like, do really, except there's a note on the door that says, hi, if you're here in my house.
Codey: Um, I'm going to be gone for a couple weeks.
Codey: Uh, feel free to take anything, but also please make sure that you water my cactus or something, or like water my plant.
Codey: And so there's this giant plant that you can water, um, put water into, and it doesn't give you anything.
Codey: It doesn't do anything.
Codey: Uh, it's just, it's just there.
Codey: And I think there's a lot of that kind of stuff where it's like, and this happens, uh, there are ranger stations throughout the Western North America that are like, just a house for people that are travelling through the area, especially if in areas where you might be backpacking, where it's like, anyone can stay here, please be respectful, clean up after yourself, but here is a shelter.
Codey: Um, and I feel like a lot of the houses in this game are kind of like that where it's there's no one there and they, they're like, take whatever you need.
Codey: Um, so you can get resources by just like taking someone's bread or something.
Codey: Um, but, uh, and it's just little things throughout the houses.
Codey: I really am like drawing a blank on like specific cute things, but I just, there's been a lot of things in this game where I'm like, oh, that's really cute. Or like, oh, that's, that's really fun.
Codey: And I think that, um, for me not wanting to game guzzle, um, like some people.
Al: Wow.
Codey: I'm really enjoying it. For that, for that exploration aspect.
Al: Yeah, I,
Al: Yeah, I think, um, I found it kind of interesting.
Al: Uh, the environmental storytelling.
Codey: Yes.
Al: Um, I think what I would say is, for me, it was very few and far between, which, again, is probably fine if you're looking for a, you know, exploration game where you occasionally find things.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: Just I'm guessing that's not my thing.
Al: Um, Yeah, it was, I also, I, the 1st one I found was fun, was the, the, the fire tower, is that what you call them?
Codey: Yes, the fire tower.
Al: Fire towers.
Codey: Uh, yes.
Al: We don't we don't have those here, you say.
Al: And then I also came across another random cottage.
Al: But I found like the cottage was very samey of the fire tower.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: And I didn't feel like there was anything that made that one.
Al: Like the thing that was, that would have been unique about the fire watch tower, or what you called it, sorry, fire tower, I already forgot what you said, you called it, was the computer, but it turned out that that was just the same thing as you find all over the place because that was the 1st download thing I found was the one in the fire tower.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Oh, interesting.
Al: And I was like... I was like, oh, interesting.
Codey: I found multiple of them before that.
Codey: Well, so I think.
Al: There's a thing here and you have to go and get, because that one you had to go and find a few things to like unlock the computer and then you get your download code and I was like, oh, that was interesting.
Codey: Yes.
Al: And then I found out that those download stations are everywhere and it became less interesting.
Codey: Well, so a lot of the download stations do not require that like little mini game find it thing, but a lot of the ones that are objectives, um, like the fire tower or like the coffee house uh, in another place.
Al: Yes, yes, exactly.
Codey: They have that, um, thing where you have to find a flash drive, a floppy disk, and a password decoder.
Codey: And once you find those 3 things, then you can unlock the computer that is within whatever place that is.
Codey: So it makes you like explore that area, that house area, which I am the type of person who's going to explore it anyway.
Codey: So it's like, okay, cool, like a reason to do that.
Codey: I think like the 1st time I encountered like the fire tower.
Codey: I had found like the flash drive and I was like, oh, what's this?
Codey: I'm just gonna take it.
Codey: And then later I like came up to the thing and it was like, I need this, this, and this.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: I'm like, oh, okay, let me go find the other things.
Codey: Um, Because I'm just a hoarder.
Codey: But, yeah, so I think that worked well in my favour.
Codey: Um, of the kind of person I am when I'm playing games, but most of them, you know, and you still need a download voucher for that, but most of them, all you need is the download voucher to access and download a blueprint.
Al: Yeah, I...
Al: Yes, yeah.
Al: I guess I would have found it probably more interesting if it was more stuff like the Fire Tower, but the other stuff that I found just kind of felt more of the same rather than like different...
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: That's definitely true.
Codey: Um, they don't change up that.
Codey: I mean, there are definitely a few places where you have to do a little bit more than just that, like find the floppy disk and the flash drive and the whatever.
Codey: Um, but that is a common thing that happens.
Codey: So if that is a little thing that you're not particularly a fan of, then that I cannot tell you that that gets better.
Al: Yeah, most of this episode is me going, I didn't like this aspect of the game and you're going, I liked that aspect of the game.
Codey: And that's why we have differing opinions.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: though I don't think you hate this game.
Al: No, I mean, I said that at the beginning.
Codey: I think it's just not.
Al: I don't hate the game.
Al: I just it didn't grab me.
Al: None of it went, this is, I really need to explore.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: I really need to do this.
Al: I need, and I'm a little bit sad about that because I kind of hoped there might be.
Al: But I've now posted the image.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Interesting.
Al: Of the trick point.
Codey: Okay.
Codey: Very interesting.
Al: This is me planking on a trick point.
Codey: Yeah, I see that.
Al: This was 2011, I think.
Codey: I don't think I have, well, it would have to be because you were planking.
Codey: Um, and that's the time frame of planking, I think, right?
Codey: Um, I don't think I've ever gotten a photo of me planking on anything.
Codey: I don't think I've ever.
Al: Oh, I have I have far too many of them.
Codey: I don't know if I've done a lot of that.
Codey: Um, okay, so that's, I mean, there's there's more to like to talk about with the exploration, but I don't really want to spoil it too, too much.
Codey: There's more areas for you to explore.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: So after you've explored an entire, well, I guess you don't even have to have finished the exploration of an entire area, but after you've gotten like enough resources or the type of tools that you need to be able to access the next area.
Codey: So for the 1st area, um, there is a mine. I don't know if you've come upon the mine shaft or whatever.
Codey: Um, there's just like a part of the road that, that, or that's what it looks like at least.
Al: I have not.
Codey: definitely a tunnel.
Codey: Um, and you come upon it and, uh, the, there's like a bunch of rocks in it.
Codey: So you clearly need pickaxe.
Codey: Um, and so you have to like explore until you get the pickaxe recipe and then build the pickaxe.
Codey: But once you do that, you can then go through that and what that is, is the, um, entryway to the 2nd place.
Codey: So you go from from the forest to the beach.
Codey: And then there's one of those for each thing.
Codey: Like there's another, there's a way in every place to get to the next area that you can find and then be like, okay, cool, this is where I go to go to the next place, but I want to try and finish this area 1st or at least because you can always come back so you don't have to like 100% the area, but, um, it's fun to 100% areas as best you can.
Codey: So.
Al: Yeah.
Al: I would definitely, I think if I was enjoying this game, I would...
Al: Because that's the thing, this game is...
Codey: If I was enjoying this game.
Al: The game is collectables while driving a campervan, right?
Codey: Yes.
Al: Like that is the game.
Al: And so if you're if you're into that, if you're enjoying that, that's you're going to want to do all that.
Codey: But it, but it's also explo-.
Codey: There's also exploration.
Al: Sure, but the exploration, what's the point of exploring?
Al: is to find the collectables.
Codey: No, it's for the experience.
Codey: to go to new places and be like, oh, this is cool.
Codey: Oh, these trees are cool.
Codey: Oh, this is, what is this little thing over here?
Codey: Oh, that's cool.
Al: I'm glad you had that experience.
Al: I posted another picture in the spoilers thread of...
Codey: Oh.
Codey: Oh, that's a whole bunch of pictures.
Codey: Oh my god, a collage.
Al: It's an.
Al: It's a collage of pictures.
Codey: Oh my gosh.
Codey: Okay.
Codey: Um, So, moving on to like the next mechanic.
Al: Is that it?
Al: That's it.
Al: Nothing, no, no, no.
Codey: I don't know what you want me to say.
Codey: It's very impressive.
Codey: That's a lot of is that all, though?
Codey: You just have those.
Al: No, I'm sure I have more as well.
Al: That was just, that was what I did at one and I, uh, that was, that was one.
Codey: Oh, is to plank things?
Al: week, I think I did all of those in.
Codey: I think, okay, my favourites are, and listeners, you're gonna have to look at it.
Codey: My favourites either include, look, okay, I have a couple of favourites.
Codey: Um, the phone booth.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: Uh, you on your friend's back.
Codey: And then what looks like a jungle gym style, like monkey bars, but it looks like someone is reverse planking.
Codey: Those are my favourites.
Al: Yep.
Codey: Listeners, you're gonna have to go look.
Al: I like the one where I'm literally on.
Codey: I did see that one.
Codey: You look like you're very close to the water there.
Al: That's our river through the beach.
Al: So we were building a dam.
Codey: So are you close to water?
Codey: You're very close to water there?
Al: Yes, the sea.
Codey: Are you?
Codey: Yeah, so you're, so you're very close to, to water.
Al: Wait, I'm confused.
Al: I'm literally on top of the water.
Codey: But on a plank.
Al: Yes, but of course I'm close to water.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: You can see the water in the picture.
Al: I'm so confused.
Codey: Well, that's what I said, yeah.
Codey: I said, you're close to water and you were like, well, it's actually a river.
Al: I said yes, that was the river on the beach.
Codey: Okay.
Al: I'm sorry.
Codey: You'll have to listen back and decide if you want to keep that in or not.
Al: Okay.
Al: Yeah, probably not.
Codey: Um...
Al: Right.
Al: So that's the exploring.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: So I guess the other the other 2 kind of main mechanics would be the crafting and the building.
Codey: And then.
Codey: Yes, the crafting not being my favourite.
Al: Fair.
Codey: Um, I.
Al: Thankfully, it doesn't.
Al: I mean, I don't know whether it becomes more as you go on, but it doesn't feel like it's a humungous part of it.
Al: You find a blueprint to something and you craft it and then you don't have to craft it again because it's like a one off thing.
Al: There are there some consumables that you end up crabbing.
Codey: Yeah, so, or there's also like the, okay, you want to build a battery component, and to build a battery, 4 battery, 4 electronics, and 2 bolts, and for like sheet metals.
Al: No, no, it's chain crafting.
Codey: It's chain crafting.
Codey: So it got to the point where it's like, okay, to be able to unlock this or uh, complete the um, task at this objective point.
Codey: You have to build something that requires something that requires something.
Codey: So that I did get to that and I was like, oh, um, it's not as bad as I 1st thought.
Codey: Like I was like, oh, this is annoying, but it's not that bad.
Codey: Um, like it, even that only took like when I was like, oh, I got to make these battery parts, it takes like literally 4 minutes.
Codey: Um, but it's just the, there's not a good way to, like, move things between, you have to like take them out and then put them into the next one.
Codey: You also can't mass takeout.
Codey: You have to take out one at a time.
Codey: Um, which I'm never building anything or like making too many things, so it's not that big of a deal, but that's kind of annoying.
Codey: Um, I guess we should also talk about the storage.
Al: Is that in the crafting?
Al: You mean you can only craft one?
Codey: No, so you can you can bulk craft.
Codey: So you can put everything that you need to make 20 of something and then hit on and walk away.
Codey: Um, there is a maximum.
Al: So why is it you're talking?
Codey: I'm talking about, so to do like the battery components, for example, you need 4 electronics and some bolts and some sheet metal.
Al: Yes.
Codey: So you have to go to the bolt press or bolt cutter, whatever it's called, and you put scrap metal in, uh, to get your bolts.
Codey: you're like, cool, that's going.
Codey: And then you go to your sheep, sheep presser or whatever.
Codey: And then you put metal in and you're like, okay, cool, that's going.
Codey: And then you go back to your bolt thing and you've made 10 bolts.
Codey: And then you want to take those out so that you can put them into something else, another craft table.
Codey: And to take them out, you have to, like, take out, take out, take out, take out, take out, take out, take, like, instead of just, like, bulk taking them out, which would be neat.
Al: Oh, I see.
Al: Okay.
Al: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Al: Yes, I.
Codey: Um, or, yeah.
Al: I do like, however, that all of these things they can take from your the inventory in your camper van.
Al: So you don't have to have them in your inventory.
Al: I like that.
Codey: Yes, so that is, I was going to say, we should probably talk about the storage system.
Codey: Your storage is limited, but you can improve it, increase it of like your backpack.
Codey: Um, and then eventually when you get a dog, your dog also has storage.
Codey: So, and that can also be increased.
Al: Please tell me that is like visually like a backpack on the dog.
Al: Please tell me.
Codey: It is, it is.
Al: Fantastic.
Codey: It's like little.
Al: Change of plans.
Al: This is a 10 out of 10 game.
Al: There's a backpack on the dog.
Codey: Yeah, so it's a little like uh, harness that has 2 bags on the sides of it.
Codey: Um, and I actually used to have one of these for my beagle.
Codey: Uh, because when we'd go hiking, I would put like his treats or like his poo bags in there so that when he, when I needed to use one of those, I would just call him to me and I would take something out of his, out of his bag.
Codey: Like he has to carry his own stuff.
Codey: There's definitely like a limit.
Codey: You can't put anything too heavy on certain dogs, but not in this game.
Codey: You can put whatever you want in that dog's bag.
Codey: Um, it's,
Al: Oh, I love that.
Al: I'm looking at him.
Codey: Yeah, so but there is...
Al: Change of plot.
Al: I changed my opinion.
Al: Best game ever.
Al: The dog gets a bag.
Codey: You would you get the dog pretty quick into going to the next area, so you should, you should, you should do that.
Codey: Um, I'm just trying to let you know, so you don't just like set this.
Al: Cody, why are you doing this to me?
Codey: I don't want you to just set this game down when I'm like, oh, you're so close to the dog, Al.
Al: Oh, you want me to continue not enjoying myself just so I can get done?
Codey: You're gonna enjoy yourself in the beach place.
Codey: There's more to do.
Codey: Um. Um, but yeah, so once you have filled up your own storage or like when you've gone and collected a bunch of stuff and then you come back to your backpack to your van, there's literally just like a dump everything into your van storage and your van storage is unlimited.
Al: More of the things that I'm not enjoying.
Al: Well, can we just point out, it's also, it's, it's dump everything in except you can lock things to your inventory.
Codey: Yes.
Al: Fantastic feature.
Codey: So, I lock, yeah.
Al: This is this is the 2nd game, this month that I'm talking about that has a lock in your inventory feature.
Al: This, I think, should be in every game now.
Al: This is excellent.
Al: Please more of this.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Yes.
Codey: So if you want to keep your download vouchers, because maybe you're like wandering around and you come upon a place and you don't want to have to run all the way back to your van.
Al: That is exactly what I locked.
Codey: Yep.
Al: Yep.
Codey: Another thing to lock would be the type of wood.
Codey: So at some at some of the other locations, you use different wood to start fires.
Codey: Um, But like you can't, you don't want to bring wood across.
Al: Which I hate.
Al: Let me let me use whatever wood I want.
Codey: No. Um, and so.
Al: All the wood burns.
Al: Let me burn whatever wood I have.
Codey: So, uh, yeah, they have that, uh, the wood that you can use.
Al: You know, that's actually, I think, one of the things I hate most about farming games.
Al: Different types.
Codey: Hmm.
Codey: You don't want variety in.
Al: Oh, I don't want different types of wood.
Codey: But that's reality.
Codey: I mean, like, you can't, especially you can't bring, like, if you've collected wood in, like, Kentucky, you can't bring that wood to another state, like, you're not supposed to, because that's how pest species move.
Al: Right.
Al: Okay, we are talking about moving around in like, yeah, sure.
Al: different areas.
Al: Sure, sure, these are different areas we're driving between.
Al: We're not we're not driving between different states.
Al: We're driving in one, like, yeah, sure, there are different areas, but it's meant to be like one national park, right?
Al: Like that's what we're driving around.
Al: Right?
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: I mean, come on.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Well, that's like the one, you can use the same type of wood in the forest.
Codey: It's all Everwood.
Al: Okay, I'm just talking about in general, right?
Al: Like, let's take Starji, for example.
Al: I think I think it's my least favourite thing about Starju is the different types of wheat.
Codey: Okay.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Because yes, that is real life.
Al: But as we've discussed before, some things make it more realistic and less fun.
Codey: Yes.
Codey: Mhm.
Al: And I personally think different types of wood makes it less fun.
Codey: Okay.
Al: Because, like, in a game where, like, I can take a plant and process it into seeds that I'm going to replant, and I somehow get way, way more, and sometimes they can become better quality magically.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Al: That is, I'm meant to think that it's unrealistic to just use the same type of wood for everything.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Suspension of disbelief.
Al: Give me the, give me, give me one type of whid.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Unsuspended.
Al: Yeah. I will suspend it for one type of whid.
Codey: Um.
Codey: But yeah, so, no, you're fine.
Al: Sorry, that's my wood rant over.
Codey: Um.
Codey: Lots of different crafting things.
Codey: You can craft, uh, counters to put crafting tables on, like the crafting, they're not really crafting tables.
Codey: They're like crafting stations.
Codey: Um, and then you have your.
Al: They're, they're like, they're like automated machines.
Codey: Yeah, where you that you turn on and off.
Al: Yeah, exactly.
Codey: Um.
Al: Think of it like if you're in Stardew, think of it like the mail machine.
Codey: Yes.
Al: Standalone thing that you put something into in...
Codey: Um, and then you, there's like crop plots and the crop plots are super simple.
Codey: It's just, you put up a little plot and then a plant that you have found in the wild.
Codey: Uh, you can just put it into the crop plot, plant it, and then you have to water it for however many days.
Codey: I haven't encountered it dying.
Codey: I think it just, like, if you are, if it's supposed to be watered twice and you water it, and then never water it again, it'll just perpetually be wanting to be watered.
Codey: Um, It can become auto watered though.
Codey: If you put it in a place where the rain can get to it.
Al: I was like, how is it going to rain in your camper fan?
Al: Of course, the roof.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: We have a roof.
Codey: The roof or like out in front, that's, that's, that gets into building, which we'll get to in a 2nd.
Codey: Um, there's ways to sustainably or to like increase the way for you to charge your van.
Codey: Um, so that instead of having to supply it with wood, you can have a solar panel or have wind, a wind thingy so that like when it is windy or when it is what?
Codey: Turbine.
Al: Turbine.
Codey: Yes, thank you.
Codey: Um,
Codey: So that it will automatically regenerate energy at that time.
Codey: The one thing that you have to do, which is really frustrating, I always forget to do it, is to set your camp.
Codey: So when you get out of your van.
Codey: It doesn't automatically like, if you have a solar panel or whatever that is built into your, like, built on top of your van or whatever, it doesn't automatically like start working, you literally have to set camp by opening like the side of your van so that it can, and then your whole like building can, the building structure that you've built on top of your van will appear.
Codey: Um, But yeah, spans out and like unfurls.
Al: Expand.
Codey: And I frequently forget to do that.
Codey: So I will like get out of my van and run off into the distance because I'm like, oh, my van is like, uh, running out of battery. So I need to run away and do some stuff and let it charge for a bit.
Al: Huh.
Codey: And then I come back and I'm like, oh, hasn't been charging.
Codey: Because it's because I didn't open it.
Al: That was one of the things I was not having problem with because I just like automatically opened it.
Al: Um, although I do need to talk about, um, I'm not a fan of going to bed with that door open.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: And there's no indication that the door closes when you go to sleep.
Al: That feels really wrong.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: I'm not sleeping in a van with the door open.
Codey: So to open, to get into the, or to sleep, there's like a little cot and later you can build beds if you want, but all of them, you have to have your door open to be able to do.
Codey: What you can do
Codey: is you can move your ladder up.
Codey: So there's a ladder that can get you to your 2nd level of your van.
Al: Oh, can you move your bed up there?
Codey: You can build a bed up there, yeah.
Codey: So then you can like hit a button that moves your ladder up, but theoretically, an intruder could just move your ladder back down.
Codey: Because your door is just open.
Al: We're in the middle of nowhere with no one to help us.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: I had not thought of that.
Codey: But you're just, you just open your door and you're like, good night, world.
Codey: You sleep with the door open.
Codey: It's like windy or raining or something.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: That can't be comfy.
Codey: You want to, you want to be cosy.
Al: I'm just, I'm head cannoning that it like automatically closes when you're getting into bed or something.
Al: Like, it has to, surely, surely.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Yeah, that seems legit.
Al: All right, should we talk about the building then?
Al: It feels like a nice segue.
Codey: Yes.
Al: So you've got, uh, each different camper van has a different size inside that allows you to build, um, and then as Cody has alluded to, you then unlock the ability to be able to build on top of your camper van as well, um, in, uh, you know, some of the trailers, they end up looking quite...
Codey: Yeah, you can build a whole like, Castle on top of your, yeah, on top of your camper van.
Al: Village.
Al: I I think the building is fine.
Al: Um, I have one annoyance with it, and it's the, it seems to default to the orientation that I don't want it to every single time.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: Every single time so I have to then change to like move something and then rotate it.
Al: It's just every and I don't know whether it's just me or whether it's like actually a thing that it's just doing something stupid.
Al: But every time it's facing the wall.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Well, and you can still use it if it's facing the wall, but of course you don't want you want the...
Al: No, no, I need to be able to see it, I needs to look better.
Codey: Yeah, no, I 100% with you there.
Codey: And like, I don't think it's just you because it definitely happened to me too, where like, as you go to place something down.
Codey: It's clearly facing the wrong direction.
Codey: Hilariously, though, if you, so if the counter is facing the correct direction, then once you put the crafting station down, you can then go into your edit menu and like go into the move menu and you can pick the thing back up and it will automatically orient towards the front of the counter.
Al: So they have the feature to do that.
Codey: Correct.
Codey: It is there and it knows to do it and it.
Al: Then just me.
Al: This is surely this is a bug that they'll fix, right?
Al: Sure.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Because that's, it is funny that like all, all you have to do is just go back into it and like say, I want to change where this is oriented and it's like, oh, like this?
Al: Okay.
Codey: Yes, exactly like that, actually.
Al: Here you go.
Codey: Um.
Codey: Yeah, because the front of all the crafting stations have like little lights that are flashing when they're working or when they're not working.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: Though I think that the sewing machine is broken because that is always on.
Codey: The light is always green and I'm like, I don't, you're not doing anything.
Al: I'm finished.
Codey: Finished.
Al: I'm, Praise me.
Codey: You're like, correct?
Al: the needy machine.
Codey: Needy machine, big same.
Codey: Um, and
Al: Oh, sorry, no, the needy machine is obviously a bread maker.
Codey: Oh yeah, the bread.
Codey: Um...
Al: The Joker.
Codey: Yeah, um, yeah.
Al: Laugh at me, I'm funny.
Codey: It's a, I'm just embarrassed because it took me a 2nd to understand it, but I get it.
Codey: Um, yes.
Al: He did some time.
Codey: Need. Uh.
Al: Just the same joke, but that makes it funnier.
Codey: Oh my gosh.
Codey: Um.
Al: I'm tired.
Codey: Valid.
Codey: Uh, so there are some things that you can build that are aesthetic or, excuse me, now you got me yawning, because you said you're tired.
Codey: Um, there's like floors so you can expand.
Codey: You can, uh, there are upgrades to your, to yourself and your person and your dog.
Codey: There's like upgrade stations, and then when you use the upgrade station, you could upgrade something like the storage capacity of your van.
Codey: Because I did hit upon the max capacity at one point, I like couldn't build anything more because I had started building this elaborate expansive thing to just like assume that I was going to need all of this space.
Codey: And then it was like, no, I can't, I, it can't have that much weight on it.
Codey: So I had to like pare it down.
Codey: I don't like how the roofing works.
Codey: It might get better eventually, but like currently the roofing is just like slant slanted roofs.
Codey: But if you, that like, works perfect, if you only have like a 2 floor wide place, because then there's a slant, slant one way slant the other way, done.
Codey: But I have a 3 floor wide space.
Al: Oh no.
Codey: So it's slant one way slant the other way, and then I've had to build flooring.
Codey: in between, which is clearly not, it is clearly not a roof.
Al: Faster.
Codey: It's clearly not like going to stop, visually it would not stop rain.
Codey: Um, I think it does stop rain.
Codey: I don't think it rains in there, but.
Al: That's not the point.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Um, I'm trying to get a little aesthetic at a game for once in my life and then I, I come upon this.
Codey: Um, so yeah, that, uh, was interesting.
Codey: Um, that's an interesting thing.
Codey: I think there are like other packs of things that you can, it might actually hilariously be in the 1st area and I just left without getting that update.
Codey: So maybe I should go back and get that update of like new roof styles.
Codey: Um, because that's one thing. If you,
Al: I couldn't tell you.
Al: I only just unlocked the build on roof.
Codey: Yeah.
Codey: Because that's the that's the one thing.
Codey: If you leave an area.
Codey: So like if you were, I don't think you can do this because I think you need all of the tools, but if you were to leave one area without upgrading your scythe, for example, the scythe upgrade is not going to show up in the next area.
Codey: Um, there might be a scythe upgrade, but it'll be like the next upgrade, so you, you kind of do have to complete some of the stuff in one area before you can move on.
Al: Oh no.
Codey: So it might be actually worth it for me to go back to some previous areas.
Codey: Um, Yeah.
Al: And here you were telling people to 100% an area.
Codey: I do have to go backwards.
Codey: I know.
Codey: Well, so some of them, it's like I'm only getting aesthetic.
Codey: Like, blueprints, I'm not getting functional blueprints and I could care less.
Codey: Um, or couldn't care less.
Codey: Um, I said it to myself.
Al: I wasn't I wasn't going to say anything.
Al: I said it in I said it in my head, but I wasn't going to say anything I like.
Codey: I corrected myself.
Codey: But yeah, so. Yeah, that's that.
Codey: Uh, do you have anything else you want to say about the build?
Al: No.
Codey: Oh, there's the cap and snaps, I guess.
Al: What is?
Codey: Okay, cool.
Codey: you have an encountered one.
Codey: There's, so you get these bottle caps like throughout the game.
Al: Oh, no, I did.
Codey: And you, yeah, so you, You come upon, it's like a gotcha machine where there's 8 or 9 like of a certain decoration.
Al: I did.
Al: No, I did to get them.
Al: Yes, yes.
Al: I just wouldn't have called them that.
Al: That's exactly what it is.
Codey: So for, for, it's like, another collectable.
Al: Another collectable.
Codey: So it's like bobbleheads, for example, and you put in one bottle cap and you pull the, pull the machine, pull the lever or whatever, twist the lever, and then it spins around and it spits out a random one.
Codey: And then you put in 2 bottle caps and you get another one and you put in 3 bottle caps.
Codey: I'll let you know, you need 35 is what you need.
Codey: But I always had that many bottle caps, like, period.
Codey: So I would just go to my van, take out 35 bottle caps and then run up to the thing because I just always had enough.
Codey: I have not really, other than it with wood and with, um, rocks and like the fibres.
Codey: I have not really hit against the inventory issues where it's like, oh, I don't have enough of this thing.
Al: Interesting
Al: Even in the 1st area.
Codey: Um, maybe in the 1st area, but like I'm, I'm just that type of person that like searches every corner of everything to like loot everything.
Al: Yeah, maybe I've just not been looking places, but I've had like a total of 10 bottle caps and I've come across 2 of the...
Codey: The snap, cap and snaps.
Codey: Um, yeah, they're all over the place.
Codey: Um, like a single bottle cap might be, like if you see a structure, like a, a shelf or a pile of boxes or a table, uh, uh, picnic table or like a, uh, chair, there's usually something on it or around it, whether it's trash or a bottle, um, that has a bottle cap on it, but you also get water or, um, just a bottle cap period.
Codey: So, lots of exploring, for sure, is beneficial in this game.
Codey: But, like, it's not, I don't think you can really speed run it.
Codey: Um, because you're gonna have to do some exploration and some collecting and all of that.
Codey: So, but maybe the dog will make it better for you.
Al: Maybe.
Codey: Long pause.
Codey: Okay.
Codey: I think that's all the mechanics, pretty much.
Al: Who knows?
Al: Yeah, and we've kind of talked about story stuff as well because we've talked about how that works and there's probably don't want to get...
Codey: No, and they've said that they're gonna, yeah.
Al: I think if people, if people are intrigued enough, they're going to, they're going to play it.
Al: And if they're, if they are you.
Codey: Yeah, and they have said that they're going to add, they're going to add NPCs and they're going to, so like these people will be there.
Al: No, no, don't.
Al: No.
Codey: What?
Al: That's one of the best things about it is there's no people.
Al: Tell me I'm wrong.
Codey: No, I do like that it's just kind of you in the world.
Codey: That was one of the 1st things when I was driving around.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: I'm like, do I have to worry about like blocking the road, but you don't, because there's literally no one else.
Al: Yeah, just veering off the road to because you saw a log in the road.
Codey: There's like you see there...
Al: No, I mustn't have that.
Codey: Well, see.
Codey: You see the signs of people, like there's trash and you can clean up a campsite and then go back by that campsite again and there's trash again.
Codey: So like clearly other people exist.
Codey: I just don't encounter them really at all.
Al: As everything should be.
Codey: You're not alone.
Codey: You just choose to want to be.
Codey: Exactly.
Codey: Yeah, that's pretty much it.
Al: All right.
Al: Cool.
Codey: I really like it.
Al: Yeah.
Codey: 10 out of 10 would recommend, uh, at least give it a go and wait until you get to the 2nd area before you make a final judgement on how you like it or not, but I like it.
Al: Yeah, this is definitely a, it's not for me, not, it's bad.
Al: Um, I think if if, if you like the sound of what Cody has said, you'll probably like it.
Al: And if you get frustrated with things the way I get frustrated with them, then you probably won't.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: So, it looks nice.
Codey: Oh, woo.
Al: I will see.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: I think the game looks nice.
Al: It is pretty much what it said on the tin.
Codey: It's a very pretty game.
Codey: Yeah.
Al: All right.
Al: Thank you for joining me to talk about outbound then.
Al: We've been waiting for this game for a while.
Codey: Mm-hmm.
Codey: Thank you for having me.
Codey: We have, um, though, I remember hearing about it 1st and then when we started playing or like when I was like, oh, wait, it's like coming out very soon, I was very happy about it because I remember hearing about it and then being like, oh, that'll, whenever that comes out, I will play it and then it was like, oh, it's here.
Codey: So that was nice.
Codey: Didn't feel like I had to wait for it.
Al: Nice.
Al: Well, is there anything you would like to tell the audience, Cody?
Codey: That Al, mentioning that he is tired, is contagious.
Codey: Um, no, that, um, the be respectful of your surroundings and if you build a single levelled cairn, uh, take it down.
Al: Woo.
Codey: When you're done.
Codey: It is fun to stack.
Codey: I get it, but take it down.
Al: All right.
Codey: Try and put the logs or the sticks or whatever, the rocks back wherever you found them to the best of your ability.
Al: And uh, obviously, leave no trace.
Al: Take away everything you brought with you.
Codey: Yay, yes.
Codey: Correct.
Al: All right, uh, you can find the podcast on Tumblr and on Policy ITHS pod.
Al: You can send us feedback from our website, harvestseason.club.
Al: What do we want to hear about this episode?
Al: If you're, if the place you are from has a similar sort of or different cultural cairn situation, as does mine, maybe tell us about that.
Codey: Or if you've heard about, um, places or if you've listened to 99% invisible, which I'm about to subscribe to, and you have one of the cute, the cool little things that they've been talking about in the episodes, uh, let us know.
Al: Also on our website, you can find links to everything to do with the podcast, including...
Al: THS pod where you can find where you can support the podcast and get access to our Slack where we post a few things related to the podcast, most podcasts, this time you can see my...
Codey: Yep.
Al: And we've been making Cody puns.
Codey: Yep, that was very fun.
Codey: Uh, because last year we talked a lot about coding.
Codey: Um, and the farmer was replaced.
Codey: There was a lot of coding.
Codey: And so, uh, I and I had never thought of my name as that, but my name does have an E in it.
Codey: It does have the word code in it.
Al: You also get access to our bonus episodes of the podcast, uh, which uh, we'll probably have one soon, uh, because there'll probably be some, uh, summer GameFest stuff that won't be uh, farming relief.
Codey: And I still have on my list of greenhouses, Sonic 3 movie, Bluey, karaoke, Bug Digimon, Bug Doma Sky, and Grim Cosy.
Al: Look, I'm just, I'm just waiting for you to actually do the Bluey one for me.
Al: I've watched all these episode 5 times.
Codey: Did I tell you about the time that I was on a plane with Jeff and I was watching like a movie or something? And he pointed out that there was Bluey available and I was like, I know, but I'm enjoying this movie and he was like, I just thought you wanted to know the play is available. And I was like, hmm, you're right.
Codey: And I switched to the Bluey episodes.
Codey: And it was like, the episode where they find out they're moving, the episode where their sister, their aunt, like, is getting married.
Al: Oh.
Codey: It's like all of these really awful, not awful episodes.
Codey: But like gut punch episodes and I'm just like sobbing and he was like, I didn't realise that these were all the sad episodes.
Codey: But they were.
Al: Well, I mean, to be fair, most of the episodes are.
Al: What I find really funny about is Craig, my 7 year old, he'll be he'll be watching and...
Al: And then I'll just be like sitting behind him sobbing.
Al: It's like, Chilli was the sun.
Codey: Chilli was the sun. Yeah.
Al: If you know, you know.
Al: All right.
Al: I think that's everything then.
Al: Thank you again for joining me.
Codey: Thanks for having me.
Al: Thanks for listening, and until next time, have a good harvest.
Codey: Have a good harvest.
Theme Tune: The harvest season is created by Al McKinley with support from our patrons, including our pro farmers, Kevin, Stewart, and Elisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Mike the Brave, and our music is done by Nick Burgess.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website, harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we discussed in this episode.
Codey: Pausing.
Codey: I love how you said that you like short episodes and then we did a pretty long episode.
Al: Oh, go away.